vision & mission
We envision a world, where using software is as easy and natural, as breathing.
Circle Solutions is dedicated to create a new generation of project management software, 
where relevant information, deadlines, plans and documents are readily available, so that YOU are always in the CIRCLE.

our products
are highly specialized software packages,  developed with the purpose of making projects more accessible.
.
everything you  need for effective project work is included: plannings, documents, notes, they are all easily available from various platforms.
.
Optional modules provide extra features to tailor the application to
your needs. 

more details below.

CIRCLE WORKSPACE
Create a role- and conditions-based workplace, within minutes.
Display information from applications directly in Circle Workspace. At a glance, see all your unread emails, appointments, news, recently edited documents and more.
Bring all documents together in one online workplace. So you can work online and offline from any device. The documents app bundles and brings structure to files hosted on Office 365, OneDrive and SharePoint.

CIRCLE D.O.T.S
Keep everyone informed, no matter the change, 
having everyone on the same page is a challenge for global businesses. 
Circle D.O.T.S. makes it easy to target and distribute news to the right people, 
analyse the impact and optimize the message. The result? Everyone gets where you’re going.
Connect your colleagues and engage communities. If people don’t know each other, they can’t trust each other. 
If teams don’t know what they’re doing, they can’t help each other. 
Circle D.O.T.S. connects teams and people in an organic way – by letting them form Channels and Pages around projects, 
interests or social initiatives. No more unfamiliar faces, even if you’re fully remote.
When people say “I love my job”, they’re not talking about the 7.6 hours per week spent trying to find information they need to do their work. 
Circle D.O.T.S. brings all your disparate resources, applications and knowledge together in one easily structured and searchable hub.
For a better working environment, what can be measured, can be improved. 
Circle D.O.T.S. helps you to shift from a “send and forget” to an “analyse and optimize” mindset, making it easier to experiment and evaluate in a data-driven way. 
The secret weapon? The world’s friendliest Analytics dashboard.

Customer stories
“A user friendly, customizable platform for communication and shared work spaces. Easy to create a customized internal platform for company communications, news, and resources for employee needs through pre-built templates”
John Dough,
Senior Operations Coordinator –Cookiegenerator inc.
“The ability to quickly communicate and scale collaboration is second to none. Users across the globe can receive information, connect and collaborate in real time – answer questions quickly and publicly to avoid duplicative emails.”
Petty Dwarves, Director of Marketing and Communications – Little Cloths ltd.
“Our onboarding experience has greatly improved thanks to Happeo’s Pages. Instead of having a quick meeting and sending out slides to new employees, we now have an entire Page they can easily refer to.”
Halluci Absinthe, People Operations Manager – Green Fairy Company
down to earth
We love to keep things simple.
No big gestures, no theatre or promising utopias. 
quality driven
We believe in ever growing and striving for the best.
user friendly
With our soluition we build 
bridges between user and 
systems. 







